Session 6 - Testing; Add steps to select ramfs at config for 03. Tutorial task (#206)
unikraft/docs: content/en/community/hackathons/sessions/testing-unikraft/content/Work-Items_03.-Tutorial:-Testing-vfscore.md

/* Register the test suite */
uk_testsuite_register(vfscore_stat_testsuite, NULL);
```

> After you select vfscore in `make menuconfig` a new option should appear in the `Library Configuration` menu to
> select `ramfs` filesystem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you select vfscore in the configuration screen, a new option should appear in the `Library Configuration` menu to select a `ramfs` filesystem:
```
Please use one line per sentence and one sentence per line.

Reviewer: Please use the 1st person pronouns (`we`) instead of 2nd person (`you`), to keep consistency in the whole file.

![ramfs menu](/community/hackathons/sessions/testing-unikraft/images/menuconfig_ramfs_option.png)

> Make sure you check it otherwise the `mount` syscall will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you enable it, otherwise the `mount` syscall will fail.
```
